Mom
From today on
I'll always be by your side
I'll protect you
This eye of mine
is blind now
Thanks to you
You and me
We're done
All the evidence on Long Xiao
is in that file bag.
Print this stuff out,
and we can dig up who's backing Long Xiao.
This is my last resort.
What now?
What's your bright idea this time?
This bag has a film roll in it.
The film roll has Long Xiao's ledger on it.
Every single record.
Long Xiao and his backers are the ones who hurt you.
I'll avenge you.
And get you justice.
Fine, you don't have to believe me.
See you tomorrow.
Okay, I'll stay here with you tonight, Brother Hai.
I'll stay too.
No.
Nobody enters this billiards hall today.
But why, brother?
He's guarding against us, I guess.
Brother, you don't trust me?
Dali.
I just want to be more careful with this.
Zhu Yihai, who are you suspecting?
Brother.
Let's go.
Just watch,
tomorrow some people will make up excuses,
saying the film roll got exposed or something.
I'm leaving too.
Old bastard
How the hell did you get in there?
At least this time,
I held down Aimin Street for you.
And another thing,
picking my mom? You've got taste.
Alright.
Brother Hai
It's really broken
What are you staring at for so long?
Dali
Let's go, Brother Hai
Where to?
To hand over the evidence
Wait
What the hell happened?
What do you think happened?
He never had any evidence to begin with
No, yesterday at the billiards-
Nobody came to the billiards hall yesterday
So you suspect me
How could I suspect you, Wei Wei?
So you suspect me and Lili then
Dali
Enough
Zhu Yihai
Nobody's playing your games.
Mom
All these years
my dad's been locked up in prison
Don't blame him
okay?
Out of all his women
you're the one who stuck with him to the end
I'm really happy about that
I think my mom
is incredibly cool
and has so much character
Don't worry, Mom
I've cleaned up all his messes for him
And I'd never follow in his footsteps
There's only one threat left around me now
and I'll take care of it for sure
Just you wait
Let's go for a walk.
I used to come here a lot as a kid.
I'd watch the trains pull out one by one,
and I'd wonder...
where they were all going.
Would I grow up to be like them,
traveling somewhere far away?
But here I am now,
and I've never even left Night City.
So why don't you go out and travel?
Look at them.
Just like these abandoned trains,
at some point, who knows when,
they just stopped running.
This old platform...
is their home forever.
They can't run anymore,
maybe because they miss the old days.
Guohong Factory doesn't smelt steel anymore,
but that doesn't mean it's lost its meaning.
But they're already broken down.
Other than here,
where else could they go?
Have you ever thought,
maybe they're not broken,
they're just stuck in the past,
trapped there.
Zhu Yihai, what are you getting at?
You told Long Xiao about the video hall, didn't you?
And you leaked Huilian's whereabouts too.
You destroyed the film roll
so I couldn't find out who's behind Long Xiao.
Did you know,
Dali and Wei Wei showed up just to find you.
Wei Wei...
About your eye...
I'm sorry.
That's boring.
Isn't it kind of cool?
I've still got the other one, right?
Brother Hai,
I believe you.
Everything you've done,
I can understand it all.
Don't ever bring this up again.
Mention it again and I'm done with you.
But Huilian's whereabouts...
only a few of us knew about that.
There's a mole among us.
But you've gotta help me put on a show.
Too late, Zhu Yihai.
You and me,
we're done.
Nobody enters this billiards hall today.
He's guarding against us, I guess.
Just watch,
tomorrow some people will make up excuses,
saying the film roll got exposed or something.
I'm leaving too.
Who would've thought
Lili, with that honest face, was actually a spy
Good thing Dahai was prepared
Zhu Yihai
You actually set a trap to deceive me
You guarded against me like you would Long Xiao
Here at Dahai Billiards Hall
I, Qiao Lili, will always be an outsider, right?
Then what about me?
Screw you
Our Huilian
became sworn siblings with Zhu Yihai right here
Each of them got a little necklace
with the word "loyalty" on it
Acting like it's the real deal
Do you have one?
No, I don't
I just wanted to help you
I just wanted to tell you
that it's not only Qian Huilian and Wei Wei who can help you
I, Qiao Lili, can too
Yes
I was wrong
I never thought he could be so cruel
And I never thought
I'd become a traitor to you all
When I watched him brutalize Wei Wei
do you think my heart wasn't aching?
But I just wanted to help you
to do something for you
That's all
I know I'm pathetic
After you all got hurt
I've been laughing at myself every single day
I laugh at myself
for not being able to do even one thing right
I'm just useless
Lili, you're not useless
Everything you've done means the world to me
Lili, you know what?
Ever since I was little
no one ever loved me
No one cared about me
You're the first person in this world to care for me
Do you remember when I just got out of the hospital
and you helped me pack my clothes?
From that day on
I knew for sure
that you'd be the most important person to me
Zhu Yihai, do you take me for a fool?
I heard your whole conversation with Qian Huilian at the hospital
She's the most important one to you
Not me
Everything I'm saying is true
I had no family growing up
No friends, no one who cared about me
Only you cared about me
I'm not Zhu Yihai
I'm Zhu Chaoyang